backport 5.0: server/proxy hardware requirements (#3867) (#3873)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/hardware-requirements.adoc

[[server-hardware-requirements]]
== Server Requirements

> One of {sle-micro} {microversion} or {sles-version} {sp-version} is the operating system of the container host.

Author: ```suggestion
One of {sle-micro} {microversion} or {sles} {sles-version} {sp-version} is the operating system of the container host.
```

[[proxy-hardware-requirements]]
== Proxy Requirements

> One of {sl-micro} {microversion} or {sles} {bci-mlm} is the operating system of the container host.

Author: ```suggestion
One of {sle-micro} {microversion} or {sles} {sles-version} {sp-version} is the operating system of the container host.
```

| {x86_64}, {arm}
| Minimum 2 dedicated 64-bit CPU cores

|
| Recommended
| The same as minimum values

| RAM
| Minimum
| 2 GB

|
| Recommended
| The same as minimum values

| Disk Space
| [path]``/`` (root directory)

> | Minimum 20 GB

Reviewer: Same as above, we standardize on 40GB
